last night a little before 10 o'clock
you know hit supper sitting in the tent
kind of winding down doing a little bit
of glass and and drew spotted a caribou
and we all got our vinyls and put on
rifles and spotting scopes started
checking them out and saw there's a bull
and a cow so we watched him for a little
bit they were out there to the south of
us way out there and they were kind of
having this way but more moving north
west towards the shack way up there
so du decided he's gonna take the
riverbed and get down there and run way
down so he can intersect him so me and
Ryan stayed in the tent because who
knows what the carrot we're gonna do
pedak aim right towards us so I thought
we had her bases covered
we were watching I'm watching them
they're getting closer and after five
minutes or so we looked and Brian could
see drew and he wasn't down far enough
and there's nothing we could do though
we don't have walkie-talkies there's no
cell phone reception up here so we're
just kind of sitting there with nothing
to do so I decided I was going to go
down to the riverbed and trying to go
away passed drew see if I could catch
those caribou so that's what I did is I
grabbed my gun kind of the tent and went
down to the riverbed and took a big run
to the tent up top is a ran down the
bank here and took this whole shoreline
all the way down crow flies it's 500
yards felt like about a half mile run
spread to the whole thing I had is my
270 grab that and took off try to head
off the caribou is bowl on a cow
you can see it's way down there you can
see it goes left and there's a little
bitty island you can see it or not it's
a little past that some more and that's
where that's right so here's some of the
nasty stuff that you had to walk on a
run on
all my stuff you can't close enough to
the water so you gotta climb up on the
bangs for the hope right here we're at
about the halfway mark
we've got about 250 yards up there to
learn shot McKee right around the bend
there's that see it's pretty treacherous
trained the sprint 500 yards but you got
a deal if you want terribly sometimes
that's just what I did all the way up in
there 250 yards is where we got Basecamp
all the way down here these racks going
real steep on the bank you're lucky if
you can just get a little bit of a
foothold right by the water always but
it's worth it straight up there is about
460 470 yard mark from base camp way up
kinda by the bend of the river and ran
this whole shoreline and after this
caribou right up here as a band came
around this corner and right here so
bull caribou come down off the bank came
up here a little bit farther I was gonna
go up here by these bushes I decided no
way not worth not worth it so I laid
down right up here bipod look how it
waited for him except in the opening try
to get in the stop Matt wasn't stopping
so it's where I shot him
185 yards watch them drop where right
where it's at
she shot this caribou at 185
you
caribou shot him with my our 270 got the
whole stack got the I'll actuated
trigger system for attack sculpt 6 to 24
did a nice job and loaded shells gonna
answer next more ever Drew's that about
where I shot my caribou this is 185 yard
mark okay here we got some blood earlier
first cracked him he's coming across
came from that Bank right over there on
the tundra came down I was gonna make it
across a high of a shot but she suddenly
bullet got in the way
shuffle blood right here came across
here
a couple cracks at them and here's very
piled up the other blood right here this
is where you'll a blast
you